Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Star Man's here any minute.
You know the program.
Run that motherfucker.
Handle the table. Nothing different.
You're our eyes. you're our ears.
I wanna know everything that dude says.
-Chef.
What's up. everybody? I'm Chuckie.
This is Chi-Chi. We got snacks.
We got beers.
We got cigarettes. if you want them.
We got you tonight.
-Thanks for coming out.
-Yeah.
We should bring some games.
beach balls or some shit.
-Hell yeah.
-Hey. guys! Hey. listen! I'm Ted.
Welcome to The fucking Bear.
All right. enjoy. Even you. ponytail.
Whatever you guys need. Sit down. relax.
All right. This seating is 98% four-tops.
plus an added two-top at 7:15.
plus Star Man's two-top.
and an added one-top? That makes no sense.
-That's Marcus's dad.
-Yeah.
We've been at 13 minutes a set all night.
Ten minutes a set from now on.
not a second longer.
We gotta cap every meal at 90 minutes.
-If we keep at that timeline…
-We'll get everybody sat.
Yeah. and we have courses four and five
combined for family-style presentations.
Same with eight and nine for dessert.
-Okay.
-So we just have to do that
-15 times in a row. Yeah.
-Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh. we have 26 Wagyu left.
Uh. and if I cut those portions in half.
then that'll give us...
Fifty-two.
-Yes.
-Right?
-Good job. bud.
-Thank you.
How are we on lamb. though?
Four all day.
We'll probably run out at Star Man.
-So when Lamb's 86'd. we can go to Wag...
-Hi. Chefs!
-Hi.
-Oh. my God.
-I'm here.
-Oh. Jesus Christ.
-Hi.
-Why?
I did it. I did it. Carm.
-Okay. Mom…
-What? Hi. honey.
-What are you doing?
-Come here. Give me a kiss.
-I'm doing what I was told to do.
-Hi. honey.
-Yes. you are. Hi.
-Hi. sweetie. She's fine.
-Okay. Let's go in the office.
-Take a look.
-This is the kitchen. Look. look. look.
-Hey. baby girl.
-This is the kitchen.
-Yep. Yes. She sees.
-I know. No. no. no. Okay.
-She sees. Mom.
-Mom.
-Okay. can you…
-Yeah. we're going.
-Okay. All right.
-We're going. we're going.
-Mom. Come on.
-We're gonna go in the office.
-I'm coming. Just give me one second.
Okay. All right.
-Okay. They're washing dishes. Sophie.
-Okay. Come on.
-Yeah. This is where the office…
-Look. look. Oh. it's this way.
-Yes. those are your big feet.
-Aw.
Um. okay. so. Mom.
these are your coordinates.
You are not to leave this area.
-Do you understand?
-Yes. Chef.
-You really cannot be saying that.
-Honey. everyone says it.
Okay. baby. I love you so much.
I will be back to check on you.
I love you. I love you.
You stay with Grandma. okay?
Sugar.
This is The Bear.
And you did this.
Everybody did this.
-You know that this office...
-I know. I know.
-And out there…
-Yep.
I know.
-Mom…
-No. It's great.
It's great.
I just…
I can't believe it.
No. and I can't believe you.
-Go. Work. work. Go be a working mother.
-Okay. Okay. I will.
I will. Mwah. I love you.
-Hello.
-Mr. Dearborn. welcome.
-You have any trouble getting over?
-No. fine. Little rain. but it's...
Oh. Madonna mia.
-Mr. Skilling.
-How are you? Good to see you.
Pleasure. pleasure.
Uh. we're all fans of yours here.
-Thank you. How nice.
-Welcome.
Uh…
We. uh…
We've actually met before.
-Is that right?
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
-Chef. good?
-Good.
Nat?
Let's go.
-Second turn!
-Chef!
All right. Clear the pass.
focaccia with whipped lardo.
Each station is gonna have one component.
one route. one job.
I slice. Luca plates.
Luca's gonna bring it to Tina.
Tina. you oil.
Tina. you pass it to Carm.
Carm. drop the lardo.
Nat. you salt it.
Syd. send it out.
We assembly line that shit.
Chef!
Uh. '97.
There was a chili cook-off adjacent
to the Chicago Jazz Fest. and. uh…
Sure you remember.
-Uh. it's probably better you don't.
-Yeah.
-Um…
-No. I remember it well.
-Yeah.
-Come on.
Come on. come on. come on. come on.
Hey. who wants grape soda?
You want a grape… You look beautiful.
by the way. What is your name?
Jesus Christ.
This traffic pattern never changes.
We should do something like this at home
because then you don't have to worry
-about me getting in your way...
-Hey. I need your help.
-Yes. Chef.
-Would it be weird if I asked you guys to.
uh. maybe roll up
some of these plate napkins?
You just wet 'em and roll them up.
Is that okay?
-We'd be honored. Chef. Yes. Chef.
-Great.
-Okay.
-Chef!
That is fucking annoying.
Guys. I'm gonna do a couple.
and then when you see the rhythm.
-you guys can jump in. okay?
-Okay.
-Time?
-You got time.
-Thank you.
-All right. gentlemen.
-please follow me right this way.
-Thank you so much.
-Don't be shy.
-Awesome.
-Nice treatment.
-Fuck.
-Yes.
-Uh…
Oh.
I gotta show you something.
-Get over here.
-Okay. Sure.
-Check this out.
-Beautiful.
-So these flowers right here…
-Whoa.
…my daughter chose them
for the restaurant.
-Wow.
-Nice. Beautiful.
Hands.
Your server will be right with you. Enjoy.
It's crazy just how.
you know. wildly. uh. creative
the-the-the kids can be. you know?
Hands.
Okay. friends. at this point we'd love
to invite you out to the garden party.
-Hold.
-Holding.
Hold.
Holding.
Goddamn it.
-Let's do it. Right this way.
-All right. Thank you.
-Go.
-Hustle.
How old is she?
Uh. she is gonna be eight
in two weeks.
-No way. That's great.
-Yeah.
What are you gonna do for the…
The birthday party?
Oh. you know. that's. uh.
always developing and changing.
She says now she wants a-a cake
with a hundred candles.
-Oh. wow. At least.
-Oh. wow. That's a big cake.
That's a hefty-size cake.
-Ca-caw!
-A hefty-size cake. for sure.
Anyways. forgive
a father's little bragging.
-Aw. that's very sweet. Yeah.
-Aw. Completely understandable.
-Here we go. guys.
-Great.
-Hands.
-Here we have our focaccia bread.
Mr. Skilling. level with me.
How much does a Doppler go for these days?
-You interested in one?
-Yeah. You got any in the garage?
-You can maybe sell me one.
-You know. I'll find one for you.
I'll hold you to that.
Guys. this is Rene.
He's gonna take great care of you tonight.
How you doing. guys? Thank you so much
for spending your night with The Bear.
I'd love to start you off
with this focaccia…
-Look at that.
-…with a tomato oil and whipped lardo.
-Wow. Beautiful.
-Enjoy.
-I'll be back in two seconds.
-Oh. Looks awesome.
What the hell's a Doppler?
WGN in the house. Skilling's here.
From the weather?
-Cousin. Tom Skilling's here.
-I have no clue who that is.
I love him.
I…
Hands.
Course one cleared. chefs.
Chef!
Hope I was helpful.
You were very helpful
in delivering all the bad news
on the worst fucking day of my life.
Thank you. young Cheese.
I'm gonna start calling you Tough Love.
I'm sorry restaurants
are a horrible business.
What you gonna do?
Yo. Cheese.
Yeah?
The Beef. Franchise. baby.
-Oh. my God.
-Franchise. baby.
Uh. you just said 550.000 fucking times
that restaurants are a horrible business.
It's not a restaurant.
I read Ebra's prospectus.
and it's pretty baller.
and I wouldn't lie to you
about that kind of thing.
Okay. I have to go. Bye. guys.
Good night. Cheez Whiz.
5:30 reservations are clear.
Let's get these 5:45ers
and these 6:00ers fucking out.
Take it. Jess.
-Course two. Fire. chefs.
-Chef!
Prawn
with champagne and peach.
Evening. gentlemen. Evening.
You all settled and good over here?
-Couldn't be better.
-Yeah.
Couldn't be better.
Well. you know. just relax.
I'm gonna get you settled and get
you guys something to drink. okay?
Carm. I can help plate.
Uh. T. it's actually faster
if I just do it.
I can go faster than the assembly line
if I really just drill it.
Carm.
But. um. here… No. I can. uh…
I'm gonna show you a plate right now.
okay?
I have a great list for you. Great list.
You know. I'm gonna stop you right there.
I saw the 97.
97. Amazing bottle. sir. but we have
-a couple of others that I think...
-Yeah. I know. but it's the 97 for me.
I know it very. very well. and every time
I see it. I have to order it.
Excellent. sir.
I'll be right back with that.
Come on. come on.
Come on. you fucking gavones. let's go.
Carol?
-There's no…
-Carol!
There's no fucking Carol.
How are we looking?
I got another table coming.
Uh. all right. the…
the last 7:00 p.m. res is up next.
Hey. boss. what do we got?
Can you keep this party going?
Yeah. I can do this all night.
All right. I'm gonna give Marcus's dad
their table and slide them over here.
-Okay. Yeah.
-Okay?
Cousin. they won't even notice.
Yeah!
Okay. Nat. so we take the prawn here.
right. then we take the celery root. okay?
Okay. I'll be right back.
I'm just gonna grab a Sharpie.
What the fuck?
-Hey! Hey! Hi. Come here.
-Hey!
-Oh. D. Aw.
-Hi. Pete.
-It's so great.
-Oh.
I'm just… It's so great.
-I'm so glad you finally made it.
-I know. Me too.
Mitchells. how we doing on those wipes?
-Coming. Yes. Chef.
-Eight minutes. Chef.
Okay. Eight minutes to clear.
-Hands. please.
-Hands.
Um. don't… don't say that.
I'll cover you.
Then what?
We get the boys to kick in.
Albert covers the balance.
Carm's gotta sign off. you know?
Why the fuck wouldn't he?
I don't know.
I mean. why the fuck did
that twitchy little fuck-bucket
quit his job as a fucking chef. or a cook.
whatever the fuck he thought he was?
Why the fuck did he do that?
Why's anyone do anything?
"It's a free country. brother."
Told him to go fuck himself.
You're not his father.
Yeah.
I'm not not his father either.
My point.
Is?
The kid's got nobody else
to tell him to get fucked.
So it is my job?
No. James. it's your responsibility.
I got a couple decent cigars.
You want one?
97. sir.
-Mmm. Just perfect.
-Oh. lovely.
-Beautiful. Oh.
-Thank you.
This is a treat. I get to watch you having
some for the first time.
-Yes.
-This is very exciting.
-Looking forward to this.
-Lovely 97.
Thank you.
-Mmm.
-That is beautiful.
-It's good.
We have a real connoisseur.
We're not going…
Well. this is a special moment for me.
This is like a… a reunion
with an old love.
Oh. awesome. That's great.
-Okay. Just give me a second.
-It does look good.
Four minutes. chefs.
Mmm.
-Car will be here in a minute. Let's go?
-Okay.
Yes. Got you. motherfucker.
Yes.
What do we think?
It's perfect.
As always.
Wonderful. sir.
Server will be right with you.
Thank you.
Now take a sip.
And then smell it as you're letting go.
Ooh.
-That is so sweet. Wow.
-Sweet?
It's kind of dry. actually. but…
-Oh. is that right?
-…but there's a sweetness.
but it's not sweet. if that makes sense?
-Yeah.
-It's great. Smell again.
-Just smell it one more time.
-Mmm.
Kinda smells like Skittles.
What's going on there?
Uh. okay. so that's. um…
…well. that's your son. Carm.
with. uh. Sydney.
-She's great.
-Are they dating?
Um…
There's…
I don't think so. but there are a lot of…
There's some theories.
-And who's that?
-That is Marcus.
He's the. um. pastry chef.
-He does the desserts. and…
-Yeah.
Yeah. I think he even. like. won an award.
H-He's great.
-He's very handsome. Yeah.
-Yeah.
-Oh. my God. I can't believe you're here.
-I know.
Aw. Yeah.
-Yeah. Proud of you.
-Ah. Aw.
Man.
Damn. man.
Fuck yeah. man. Fuck yeah.
Three and a half. Chef.
-Think we'll make it?
-Loan me hands?
-Chef.
-Thank you.
-Towels up. Chef.
-Great. Thank you. Allan.
It's not good that she knows your name.
That's not a good sign.
Oh.
Mr. Brooks.
Richard Jerimovich.
I'm a close confidant of your son.
Welcome.
I got your table right over here.
You can call me James.
Okay. Only if you call me Richie.
-Nice to meet you.
-Yeah. good to meet you.
It's. uh.
beautiful.
Yeah. well.
wait until you try his food.
Welcome to The Bear.
Let me know if you need anything.
-I'll get you another one of these. ma'am.
-Thank you so much.
-No problem.
-I want to tell you.
this is one of the best meals
that I have had in so long.
Thank you so much.
That's actually so kind of you to say.
It actually reminds me of this
restaurant I went to in Seattle once.
I cannot remember
the name of it for the life of me.
It was like "Can…".
-Canlis.
-No. it wasn't Canlis. It was different…
-Hi.
-Hello.
-Oh. fuck.
-We gotta tell you.
-this focaccia is just fabulous.
-Oh.
Yeah.
Oh. and the wine is flawless.
It is.
-Yeah.
-Yo.
-Fuck.
-Hey. what does one mean?
-What the fuck are you doing here?
-I had to take a leak.
-Just fucking hold it.
One means bad.
Oh. that makes sense.
-Pete. go back to your station.
-Oh. sorry.
Meet me at the hostess stand.
I drop. You finish.
Chef. What's our clock?
-Uh. two minutes.
-Perfect.
Honestly. this brioche crumb
worked out so well
that losing the dehyd
was actually a blessing. I think.
A hundred percent.
Is my dad here?
Don't even think about it.
Just keep driving.
Yes. Chef.
All right. dudes. we are on to
the eight o'clock reservations.
Last batch of tables.
There's. like. 60 people
in here right now.
-It's the whole room.
-Well. Richie wants me to
-stall for another 20 minutes.
-We're out of games.
I found these three spliffs.
They might be laced with...
I am here to provide service
for pleasure and fun.
Um. some of these people have cocaine.
-Yeah!
-Let's go. Let's go.
Mm-mmm.
-We gotta put a stop to this.
-Fuck.
Okay. um. I'm going in.
Tell Neil he's needed in the kitchen.
Rene. you follow behind.
take over the table.
Why'd I pick up that fucking napkin?
-Perfect.
-I like your tattoos there.
-Interesting.
-Yeah.
Oh. that's interesting. The…
The one that wraps around. What is that?
Whoa. Hold. hold.
Hold. Arms are down.
It was my favorite band. like.
when I was. like. 13 years old.
And. like. the initials inside of it.
like. kind of the spikes there.
-Those are all. like. my best friends.
-Oh.
-So. who… Which… Which initials is who?
-How cool is that?
-What's the story with the initials?
-Oh. Well… Okay. so…
When I was a kid. my mom
made me go to this birthday party.
and. uh. I wasn't friends
with any of the kids.
and they wouldn't talk to me
when I got there.
And so I pretended to go to the bathroom.
I ended up walking
all the way home by myself.
I got lost. but I saw this tree.
It was beautiful.
And I climbed it.
-And I fell out. and I broke my arm.
-Oh.
Dude. is he telling a story?
-This is a long story.
-He's telling a story.
And then the next day. all my friends.
my real friends. they showed up.
and they signed my cast.
So this tattoo is kinda
to remind me of all my real friends.
A-And so. this is Mikey
and Carmy and Nat and Richie.
And then all my brothers.
Sammy. Ted. Avery.
-John John. Maurice. Tex.
-Shit.
And my sister Francine Jean.
That's a big family.
-That is a big family.
-I hear you're a weatherman.
Yeah. yeah. I've done it
a couple of years.
What do you think of Plex?
It's going well.
Aw.
-It's actually kinda cute.
-Yeah. Okay.
The next course is actually kinda amazing.
Chef Syd's prawn dish is
full fucking banana town.
Like. it's Fuck Town 3000.
You ever been fucked so hard.
that a banana comes out of your ass?
No. uh. but that would be a…
-Quite a phenomenon. wouldn't it?
-Yeah.
-Uh. and what was your name?
-Neil Geoff Fak.
-Wow.
-Unforgettable guy.
-Absolutely.
One minute. chefs.
-Chef Sydney. ready for you.
-Thank you. Chef. Walk 'em. Jess.
Yes. Chef. Walking ten. 20. 30.
-Who's on Star Man?
-I am.
You got this?
I got this.
-Now. let's move. Move. move. Let's go.
-Hands. please.
-Thank you.
-Hands.
Okay. sweetheart.
As promised.
-Delicious.
-From Chef Sydney's mind.
A beautiful prawn. champagne and peaches.
-Oh.
-Enjoy.
Awesome. Thank you.
Thank you.
Yes.
Six o'clocks are cleared.
Way to fucking go. Bears.
7:30 seated.
Eight o'clocks coming in right now.
Final push. Final fucking turn.
Every second counts. baby.
Chef.
I got you.
Next course! Fire!
-Course three.
-Okay. So. we do oil.
Each pod. three times.
Salt. And tendril. one. here.
Two. other side here.
Okay?
Chef.
Thank you.
Let me see you do it. Tendril.
Gentle.
-Hands.
-Good work. Chef.
-Thank you.
And for our next course.
Forever Peas from Chef Carmen's mind.
This is an ode to his sensei. his mentor.
Chef Terry. one of the greatest chefs
of all time.
-Forever Peas.
-Oh.
My pleasure for you to enjoy.
-Thank you.
-Gorgeous.
-We will.
-Thank you.
Guys. are we gonna make this one?
We're gonna make it.
All right.
-Buon appetito. a tutti.
-Thank you for being here.
Enjoy.
Hands.
Ebra's got a good plan.
It'll work.
How the fuck do you know?
I don't.
Why do it?
It's all we got.
You'd do it for me?
That's correct.
You're a good man. James.
-No. I'm not.
-You're just kind of an asshole.
All right.
We're in the homestretch. fellas.
These fucking guys.
Could've used you an hour ago.
Fucking… Thank fucking LaGuardia Airport.
This is my uncle Frank.
This is my other uncle Freddie.
-Peter Katinsky. Nice to meet you.
-Could've used you an hour ago.
-Teddy.
-What happened. man? What happened?
He fell through the ceiling.
-I fell through the ceiling.
-I've never worked in a restaurant before.
-So I have no idea what I'm doing.
-It looks like it.
The party was good though.
We had a good party.
-This all feels illegal.
-No. no. This?
It's permitted. We got a permit.
Here we go.
Just a little savoir faire.
Thank you. guys. for joining us.
Hope to see you again.
Thank you. guys. Appreciate you.
Thank you for coming.
6:45s cleared. Play your game. baby.
-Chef!
-Course four and five.
We have agnolotti and lettuces.
-T. you're on pasta. Nat. lettuces. okay?
-Heard. Chef.
I'm gonna drop the plates and finish.
-Yes. Chef.
-Yeah? Good.
Ten's ready to start the mains.
-That's Marcus's dad.
-I got it.
Carm. can you cover the rest of the room?
-Gotcha.
-Thank you. Chef.
Friends. gentlemens. Here we go.
This is our Yountville lettuces
and our beurre monté agnolotti.
-Isn't that nice?
-It's gorgeous.
Yeah. you can enjoy that
family style "kick-assingly." okay?
-Awesome.
-Thank you.
-Okay. Yeah. Bye.
-We will.
One minute. guys! We're good!
We're almost there! One minute!
Let's go. baby.
Course six.
Keep this pace. Bears.
Really good.
What do they think?
They love it.
Any notes?
Not a goddamn one.
How do you feel?
I wanna say thank you.
For what?
I feel good doing this.
All right.
-Keep going.
-Chef.
-Chef. we are running low on brioche.
-Yeah.
Fuck. Um. can we make more?
We haven't got time.
-Yeah. Halve it?
-Have to.
Yeah.
It's beautiful. Chef.
-Hands!
-Chef!
Clear. chefs!
Cheech. we're clear.
Everybody's sitting.
-Hello.
-Everyone's in. baby. Go.
Clear. baby. Clear.
Everybody's sitting.
We're on time. Final push.
Let's go. Come on.
And last push. chefs.
We are almost out of food. Focus.
If you need to slow down
to not make a mistake. please do so.
-Chef.
-Course seven.
Okay. Main course for Star Man.
-You fire?
-Let's do it together.
All right. everybody.
This is our last piece of lamb.
We're going to 86 lamb after this
and move on to the remaining Wagyu
for the rest of service.
-Chef!
-Thanks. Chef.
Behind.
Uh. stove is not on.
-What do you mean?
-The stove is not on. It's not coming on.
-What?
-The-The stove.
The stove is. uh. not turning on.
All right. Well. we can just light it. no?
No. no. no. no.
-Why-Why isn't the stove on?
-Yelling's not gonna make it turn on.
Fuck. You guys.
it's the suppression system.
It has this safety feature that if
anything boils over onto the burner.
-it shuts off for a half an hour.
-Yes. Okay.
-Okay. Okay.
-All right. Um… Okay.
-Uh… Nope. All right.
-Fuck. fuck. Fuck.
-Mmm…
-Uh…
I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it.
Excuse me. Behind! Corner!
Door!
Hey. we need extension cords
and we're good.
-Extension cord?
-Yeah. to…
-You know. the thing.
-Yes. For the plug.
-We're plugging it in.
-To plug the plug into it.
-These.
-Yes. thank you. Good.
Okay. Chefs. this is now the hot line.
The ones closest to
the Mitchells is boiling.
So let's be very careful.
From the pass. I want us turning right
and right only.
-Let's finish strong.
-Chef.
Hey. You sear the lamb?
-Yes. Chef.
-Thank you.
Hands!
What the fuck?
He dropped the plate.
-He probably feels like shit.
-Fuck.
-I'm sorry.
-No. Don't be sorry. It's okay.
We're gonna fire.
Uh…
-Fuck me.
-Yo. What the fuck just happened?
-I'm so sorry.
-The lights flickered and…
-Why's he sorry?
-He…
It's fine. He's… It's… Don't.
-Cousin.
-Don't be sorry.
-It's fine.
-I fucked everything up.
-You didn't.
-What the fuck did you do?
-Stop.
-I dropped the dish.
I dropped Star Man's dish.
-Cousin.
-Yeah?
Carm.
Cousin.
-Cousin.
-Yeah?
We got you.
Okay?
-We got you.
-Yeah.
Carm. yeah.
Syd. we gotta stall.
We need something on that table
in the next five minutes
or we're fucking cooked.
-So just cook anything. cook something.
-Yeah. Copy.
-And yeah. We gotta go.
-I know. We're good.
-We gotta go. We gotta go.
-Yeah. Chef.
Restaurants. right?
-I don't know how that fucking happened.
-Hey. Carm. Hey.
Carmen.
Carm.
You trust me?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
T. uh. fire Brussels.
-What?
-Family Brussels. Two plates. please.
Holy shit. Uh…
Tina?
-Yes. Yes. Chef. Yes. Chef.
-Go. please. Thank you.
I got you. T. What do you need?
Green sauce.
-On it. Chef.
-Mm-hmm.
-Luca?
-Yeah. T. how can I help?
-Can you fry some Brussels?
-Yes. Chef.
-Marcus.
-Yeah. got you.
We have to fire the Wagyu.
-It's Chef Terry's dish. He'll know.
-We have nothing else to make.
Keep the spoon. Chef.
Chef.
Try using this.
A little easier to turn.
You trust me?
Yes.
Fire the Coke ribs.
-No. No. I…
-Yes.
-Look. it's better than the lamb. Syd.
-No. it's not.
It's better than anything I've ever made.
Fire it.
Fire Coke ribs.
Thank you. Chef. Uh…
-Okay. ready.
-Say. "Hands."
Hands.
-Thank you. Chefs.
-No problem.
What do we call it. Chef?
Uh. it's fried Brussels sprouts with mint.
Call it Family Meal.
Family Meal.
Chef.
This is really good.
Ten minutes. next course.
Subbing in Coca-Cola short ribs
with polenta.
-Chef.
-Do we have polenta?
We have one cup left.
All right. polenta it is.
Fire polenta.
Already on it.
You good?
Yeah.
Carm. can you sub in for me?
No.
Please?
I'll do the sauce.
And I think maybe it just…
You got it.
Take a breath.
Another one.
How the fuck did you do this
for ten years?
Listen to the pan.
You hear the music?
Hands.
I got this.
Okay. look alive.
-Oh. my.
-How you gentlemen doing?
-Very good.
-Very well.
-Still hungry.
-Even better now.
Yeah. Skilling.
you finally came through on the rain.
-I know.
-Thanks for that.
-That's all right. Happy to do it.
-Better late than never. yeah.
Um. I wanted to deliver this
personally to you guys.
This is my all-time favorite Bear dish.
This is from everybody's homey.
the great Chef Sydney.
This is her play
on a. uh. Coca-Cola braised short rib.
Okay. and a little intel on this dish.
This was developed through
many different iterations
of our family meal.
-So. yeah.
-Oh. that's great.
-Never felt so lucky to work here.
-Yeah.
Short ribs. polenta.
a little micro chives.
finished with a Coca-Cola jus.
-It's beautiful. Beautiful.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Mangia. baby.
-Smells great too.
-Oh.
-I like the story.
Three minutes.
Marcus and Luca. fire dessert for 10.
He's solo. He ate faster.
Chef. Ready?
Let's do it.
-Chef.
-Mm-hmm.
Hands.
Everyone's walking.
Okay. I got it.
Good evening.
Uh. these are the Coca-Cola
braised short ribs.
This entire meal has been incredible.
Truly. the best thing
we've eaten in Chicago.
Will you please tell the chef
how much we loved?
Yes. Uh. we make everything together.
but absolutely.
Thank you. I'm glad it's to your liking.
This looks stunning.
Yes. it was. um.
inspired off of something my mother
used to make me when I was younger.
-Please enjoy.
-Thanks.
Delicious.
-Hi.
-Delicious.
Chef.
That's beautiful. Chef.
Beautiful.
Evening.
Here with. uh. part of your final course.
which are Bear mints…
And Donnie's raspberries.
Enjoy.
-Marcus…
-Sit. Relax.
Banana Foster sundae with caramel sauce.
There's a lot that I wanted…
that I need to say.
We got… We got time for that.
Don't let the ice cream melt.
Oh. you know what?
Forgot the caramel sauce.
Enjoy.
How's it going. everyone?
-Good. How are you doing?
-Great.
-Thank you.
-Everything good tonight?
-Yeah. how are you doing?
-I'm good.
I love polenta.
That's delicious. Oh. my God.
Absolutely delicious.
-It's perfect.
-Mmm.
Hey. Syd?
Fuck yeah.
Hands.
Six minutes. Chef.
Five minutes.
Four minutes.
Three minutes.
Three minutes. Chef!
2:59.
2:58.
2:57.
2:56. We're rocking.
2:55. We're closing in on 2:50. Chef.
You know what?
Thank you so much.
-Thank you. Chef. Chef!
-Thank you.
Chef!
-Oh. I think. you wanna be at the door…
-Val needs to go?
Um. shoot. I guess
-this is good-bye for our special guests.
-You outta here?
-Thank you so…
-So helpful.
-No. thank you so much.
-Oh. everybody's leaving. Thank you. guys.
Yeah. Everybody's leaving.
Thank you guys so much.
-This. uh…
-This was so special.
-This was special.
-Yeah.
I had no idea when I came here tonight…
-Okay.
-…that I would end up
being here with all of you.
-And now I can't imagine not being here.
-Aw. Cheers.
-Thank you. Mitch.
-Bye. Thank you so much.
So sweet. Oh.
-Guys. thank you.
-Bye-bye.
-So sweet.
-Good job.
-Thank you. Aw.
-Thank you.
Hey. hands.
I'm gonna kill Richie.
These are really good.
Hey. folks. I'm sorry to interrupt.
Are we short something here?
Yeah. I think we are missing a dessert.
-Walking final table.
-Chef.
One minute.
Hands.
Board is clear.
So. uh…
I just fucked up the count.
Short a dessert.
-Can you fire a banana split for me?
-Yeah.
-Great.
-Uh. Fuck. No. we can't.
-We're out of brioche.
-Why? Fuck.
We got no… We can't send it
without it. Is there any brioche left?
-No.
-Fuck.
Okay. Uh. what do you guys have left?
Or is there anything. or…
-Uh…
-Yo. is that dispenser charged?
-Uh. yeah. Why?
-Give me that.
-Sorry. This is my fault.
-No. no. no. it's all good.
-Do we have any eggs?
-I think we have two.
-All right. I only need one.
-Two left.
-Just one.
-Okay. Yeah.
Ah. Oh.
Okay. Try again.
-Sorry. Chef.
-Thank you.
Sugar. can I get some. uh. flour
and yeast. please?
-T. uh. butter. and-and melt it. please.
-Yes. Chef.
-Thank you.
-What are you doing?
-I'm just trying something.
-Brioche batter?
-Yes. Chef.
Thank you.
How long on the brioche. Carm?
-Uh. just a minute.
-Cool.
ETA. Chef?
Just a minute. Chef.
Seconds away.
Hands.
Syd. good?
Good. Tina. good?
Uh. good.
Uh. pastry?
Clear.
Just front of house.
Waiting on Richie.
Come on. Richie. Come on.
-You killed it. You killed it.
-Yo. That was good. That was good.
You did a good job.
Guys. guys. guys. Come on. Be cool.
-You killed it. You killed it.
-Hey. Let's go. Let's go.
Get outta here…
Hey.
That's. uh…
It's actually where
I stayed in. uh. Copenhagen.
It was a… It was a boat.
Ah. Wow.
Hmm.
Wow.
That was really wonderful. Marcus.
Thanks for swinging by.
Thanks for having me.
Maybe we can do this again.
And I'll eat with you.
That'd be really nice.
And we can talk.
Right.
I should head back in.
Yeah. of course.
It's great to see you.
You too.
I'll see you soon.
What do we do tomorrow?
Do the same again?
Fucking rat.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm